UCP limitation of UCP disk free monitoring and associated Prom metric (#8270)
docker/docker.github.io: ee/ucp/admin/configure/collect-cluster-metrics.md

    - Convergence of K8s deployments and Swarm services
    - Cluster load by number of services or containers or pods

> **NOTE**: Universal Control Plane web UI disk usage metrics, including free space, only reflect the Docker managed portion of the filesystem: `/var/lib/docker`.  To monitor the total space available on each filesystem of a UCP worker or manager, you must deploy a monitoring solution, such as Prometheus Node Exporter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Web UI disk usage metrics, including free space, only reflect the Docker managed portion of the filesystem: `/var/lib/docker`.  To monitor the total space available on each filesystem of a UCP worker or manager, you must deploy a third party monitoring solution to monitor the operating system.
```
